How Can We Help?
Your myPremier League account
I cannot sign in. What do I need to do?
Please ensure you are using your registered e-mail address and correct password. Note that the password is case sensitive.

If you’ve recently registered and you haven't received an email to confirm your account, please check your spam or junk mail folders.

If you can't log in to your account, try resetting your password. An email will be sent to your mailbox with instructions on how to reset your password. If you do not receive the email, please check your Junk folder in your email inbox and add noreply@email.account.premierleague.com to your address book.

If you cannot access your myPremierLeague account or have any queries about your account, please contact fpl@ismgames.com.

I have set up a team, but I can't see my History or renew my leagues from previous seasons. Can you link my new account to my old one?
Unfortunately, we cannot link your history from an old account to a new one. If you have set up a team for this season using a different email address, you will not be able to view your History from previous seasons on that account.

In order to see previous seasons' scores, you will need to sign in on the homepage using the registered email address and password combination from the previous seasons and set up a team using that account.

Choosing your initial squad
Can I have more than one team?
In the interest of fair play each person may only enter one team. You may enter this team in multiple leagues and compete against different groups of friends.

Can I make changes to my squad after entering the game?
Yes, unlimited free transfers can be made before the next deadline.

Is there a print-friendly list of players I can view?
We have a full player list you can view and print.

Managing your team
What formation can I play in?
You can play in any formation, providing 1 goalkeeper, at least 3 defenders and at least 1 forward are selected at all times.

How do I change my captain?
On the My Team page, use the menu which appears when clicking on a player.

How do I change my team name or the team I support?
You can change this information on the team details page.

Can I make changes to my team during a Gameweek?
Any changes you make (starting 11, transfers, captain changes, substitution priorities) after the Gameweek deadline, will not take effect until the following deadline. Click here to view all Gameweek deadlines.

Offensive names and Images
How do I report an inappropriate or offensive name?
When registering a team or league within FPL, all managers are asked to think carefully before entering a name. Names that are deemed inappropriate or offensive may result in a team and/or league being deleted (see Terms & Conditions). If you find a name or image that you find inappropriate or offensive then please let us know by reporting the manager name and the team or league name using the form below. Your details will not be shared. We will review the report and take immediate and appropriate action. It is important to us that Fantasy Premier League is an inclusive space where everyone feels welcome and safe. Thank you for your help.

Chips
How often can each chip be used?
All chips can be used twice a season.

The first Bench Boost and Triple Captain chips become available from the start of the season and must be used before the Gameweek 19 deadline onTue 30 Dec 19:00. A second set of these chips then becomes available from Gameweek 20 and can be used right up to the end of the season. These chips are played when saving on the my team page. They can be cancelled at any time before the Gameweek deadline.

The first Free Hit chip becomes available after the first Gameweek of your season and must be used before the Gameweek 19 deadline on Tue 30 Dec 19:00. A second Free Hit becomes available from Gameweek 20 and can be used right up to the end of the season. This chip is activated when confirming your transfers and cannot be cancelled once confirmed.

The Free Hit chip cannot be played in consecutive Gameweeks. So if the first chip is played in Gameweek 19, the second Free Hit cannot be made active until Gameweek 21.

The first Wildcard becomes available after the first Gameweek of your season and must be used before the Gameweek 19 deadline on Tue 30 Dec 19:00. The second Wildcard will be available from Gameweek 20 in readiness for the January transfer window and remains available for use until the end of the season. The Wildcard chip is played when confirming transfers and cannot be cancelled once played.

No chips can be carried over from the first half of the season to the second, so the first chips must be played prior to the Gameweek 19 deadline on Tue 30 Dec 19:00.

Can I use more than one chip in the same Gameweek?
No, only one chip may be active in a Gameweek. For example, it is not possible to make transfers with your Wildcard chip and then use your Bench Boost chip in the same Gameweek.

What happens to my Triple Captain chip if my captain doesn't play?
The triple points bonus will be passed to your vice-captain. If your vice-captain doesn't play either then the bonus is lost, the chip isn't returned.

How do price changes affect the Free Hit chip?
After playing your Free Hit chip, at the next deadline your bank balance and squad is restored to as they were at the previous deadline, with any player price changes in the previous gameweek reflected.

Any change to your bank balance whilst the Free Hit chip was active will be lost.

Leagues
I cannot join a friend's invitational league and cup. What do I need to do?
First of all you must have entered a team in the game. Once you have a team, make sure that you have the correct league code and that you are entering it in the format it is written, for example a6x9zb.

How do I renew my invitational league and cup?
If you were the league administrator, and your league was a Classic league, you will have the option to 'Renew your leagues' when you click on the 'Leagues' tab.

If your league was a Head-to-Head league, you will need to create a new league each season, as you are unable to renew this type of invitational league.

I have been removed from one of my leagues. Why is this?
Either you removed yourself accidentally or you were removed from the league by the league administrator. Try rejoining the league using the league code. If you are unsuccessful, please check with your league administrator.

Why is my total less than the sum of my Gameweek points?
Transfer points are deducted from your total, as explained in the rules and before you confirm your transfers.

Why is my Head-to-Head score less than my Gameweek score?
Transfer points are deducted from your Head-to-Head score, as explained in the rules.

How can I view other teams in my league?
Other teams can only be viewed after their first Gameweek has started, to allow managers to keep their team tactics secret.

To view a team, simply click on their team name in the league table.

Is there a limit on the number of teams in an invitational league?
No, there is no limit. However, only 50 teams will be shown at once, so you will have to use the previous/next links to scroll through your league table.

I still haven’t been added to my league.
Your team will be added to the league at the next points update.

I haven't been entered into the supporters league for my favourite club. Why is this?
Please ensure that you have selected your favourite team.

As long as you select the club before your first deadline, you will be automatically entered into the supporters' league for that club.

Why am I not included in my country’s leaderboard?
You are entered into the country league according to your premierleague.com profile.

To update your country use the myPremierLeague Settings page on premierleague.com. Your country league won't change after your first deadline even if you update your profile.

Transfers
If I don’t use my free transfer, do I get two the next Gameweek?
If you do not use your free transfer, you are able to make an additional free transfer the following Gameweek. If you do not use this saved free transfer in the following Gameweek, it will be carried over until you do. The maximum number of free transfers you can store in any gameweek is 5.

Can I cancel my transfers?
No. Once you have confirmed your transfers, they are final and can’t be reversed under any circumstances.

I’m only receiving the amount I paid for a player, not their current price minus sell-on fee.
Prices shown on the transfer page are players’ selling prices minus any sell-on fee. To check the price you paid for a player, please use the list view on the transfers page.

Transfers don’t seem to be costing me points.
Transfer points are deducted at the start of the next Gameweek.

Transfers are free of charge before the start of the season. If you join the game after the start of the season, transfers are free until your first deadline.

How do the Transfers added ahead of the African Cup of Nations (AFCON) work?
Following the Gameweek 15 Deadline on Sat 6 Dec 13:30 and ahead of Gameweek 16 on Sat 13 Dec 13:30, Managers will be topped up to the maximum of 5 free transfers, regardless of how many transfers are available to them at that point.

These Free Transfers are provided to help Managers navigate through the tournament period and to be used to sell and buy back any potentially absent players. However, they can be used on any player, not just those absent due to AFCON.

They do not need to be used in Gameweek 16, they can be carried over between Gameweeks and used at any time.

Wildcards
What is a Wildcard?
A Wildcard allows you to make unlimited free transfers throughout a Gameweek. Playing a Wildcard will remove any points deductions from transfers already made in that same Gameweek.

You play a Wildcard when you want to make multiple changes to your team, for example Gameweeks when teams are playing more than once, or when your team is underperforming or has a lot of injuries.

When using a Wildcard, you must remain within your current budget. There is no unlimited budget when using a Wildcard.

When can I play a Wildcard?
The Wildcard chip can be used twice a season. The first Wildcard will be available from the start of the season until Tue 30 Dec 19:00. The second Wildcard will be available after Tue 30 Dec 19:00 in readiness for the January transfer window opening and remain available until the end of the season.

Wildcards are played on the transfers page but aren't active until you have confirmed the transfers.

What happens to my saved transfers when I use my Wildcard?
When playing a Wildcard, any saved free transfers are maintained. If you had 2 saved free transfers, you will still have 2 saved free transfers the following Gameweek.

Can I cancel my Wildcard?
No. Once you have confirmed your Wildcard it is final and can’t be reversed under any circumstances.

Do all transfers have to be made at the same time when using my Wildcard?
No. Once you have played your Wildcard, any transfers you make within that Gameweek are free, including any you made before playing your Wildcard, up until the next deadline.

Gameweeks where teams play no fixtures or play more than once
What happens when a team is playing twice in one Gameweek?
Any players you have from the team playing twice will earn two sets of points, assuming that the player plays in both fixtures.

Any team captains playing in two fixtures will also earn double points for each match he plays in.

One of my players was scheduled to play twice in one Gameweek, but only played in one match. Why wasn’t he substituted in the match he didn’t play?
If a player plays any minutes in any scheduled matches in a Gameweek, then they do not qualify for an automatic substitution.

The same rule applies to captains. If your captain only plays in one of the two matches, he will not be replaced as captain in the match he doesn’t play.

What happens if a team does not have a fixture in a Gameweek?
Any players you have from that team will not score points for that Gameweek. Players will play twice in a future Gameweek, when the match is rescheduled.

Points are only awarded to teams who have players selected in their team in the Gameweek the fixture is played, irrespective of if you had them selected for the original fixture.

Player data
When is the game updated?
Player points are updated as the matches take place, while team points and league tables are usually updated two hours after the final whistle in the last match of the day.

Bonus points will be awarded one hour after the final whistle of the last match of any given day.

Automatic substitutions and captain changes are processed at the end of the Gameweek, when all matches have been played.

A yellow/red card decision or goalscorer has been changed in an earlier match. Are you going to alter the points?
Once the points have all been updated after the last day of the Gameweek has been marked as final, no further adjustments to points will be made.

Why was/wasn’t an assist given to...?
All assists are reviewed before the points are updated at the end of each day. If an assist still has not been given after this time, please refer to the assist definition in the rules for further clarification.

How do player prices change?
Once the season has started, player prices may change by £0.1m a day, based on activity in the transfer market.

Both the formula used to calculate this change and the time of the change include variable factors and won’t be revealed to FPL managers.

How do you calculate form?
Form is a player’s average score per match, calculated from all matches played by his club in the last 30 days.

What is the Fixture Difficulty Rating (FDR)?
The Fixture Difficulty Rating (FDR) is based on a complex algorithm developed by Fantasy Premier League experts. A set of formulas process key Stats Perform data variables, along with each team’s home and away form (past six matches), to generate a rank for the perceived difficulty of each Gameweek opponent. The FDR is designed to help managers plan their transfer and team selection strategy and is reviewed on a weekly basis.

What is the ICT Index?
The ICT Index is a football statistical index developed specifically to assess a player as an FPL asset. It uses match event data to generate a single score for three key areas – Influence, Creativity and Threat. These figures then combine to create an individual’s overall ICT Index score. It condenses more than 40 match event statistics into four distinct scores. These offer a view on player performance for factors that are known to produce FPL points.

Influence
Influence is the first measurement - this evaluates the degree to which that player has made an impact on a match, or matches over the season. It takes into account events and actions that could directly or indirectly effect the match outcome. At the very top level these are decisive actions like goals and assists. However, the Influence score also processes significant defensive actions to analyse the effectiveness of defenders and goalkeepers.

Creativity
Creativity assesses player performance in terms of producing goal scoring opportunities for others. It can be used as a guide to identify the players most likely to supply assists. While this analyses frequency of passing and crossing, it also considers pitch location and the incisiveness of the final ball.

Threat
Threat is the third measure, producing a value that examines a player’s threat on goal; it therefore gauges those individuals most likely to score goals. While attempts are the key action, the Index looks at pitch location, giving greater weight to actions that are regarded as the best openings to register a goal. All three of these scores are then combined to create an overall ICT Index score. That then offers a single figure that presents a view on that player as an FPL asset.

How does FPL decide the player positions?
The players have been positioned in the game based on the following position definitions:

Goalkeeper
The player in goal who is permitted to use their hands inside the penalty area.

It is worth noting that if an outfield player takes over goalkeeping responsibility (due to no substitute goalkeeper being available), they will be able to collect points for saves, but will score points as per their position classification (e.g. if a midfielder assumes goalkeeping responsibilities, he will only receive one point for a clean sheet) in the game.

Defender
Lining up in front of the goalkeeper, these players are charged with defending their goal.

Central defenders will often be dominant figures, amassing clearances, blocks and interceptions (CBI) which contribute to the likelihood of those players earning Defensive Contribution points.

Full-backs and wing-backs will often record more tackles and contribute in attack. They provide crosses and create chances for team-mates.

Midfielder
A player positioned in front of the defence who either plays centrally or in a wide position.

Central midfielders are often charged with breaking up opponents’ attacks and regaining possession, earning ball recoveries which accumulate towards their Defensive Contribution points.

Attacking midfielders can play behind the forward line as a No 10, or as wide players and wingers and therefore includes players on the left and right of a central striker in a 4-3-3 formation. Their role is to provide goals, either by creating chances or by converting opportunities themselves.

Forward
The forward (also known as a striker) is deployed ahead of the midfield and in a central area rather than out wide.

They often operate either as a lone forward or as part of a front pairing, e.g. a 4-4-2 or 3-5-2 formation.

Their primary role is to score goals rather than create chances, and this is reflected in the Bonus Points System (BPS) with forwards rewarded more significantly for goals scored.

Defensive Contribution
My player has gone from 2 points for Defensive Contribution to zero. Why?
Some statistics used in the Defensive Contribution scoring are reviewed and updated after the end of the match so players may either gain or lose Defensive Contribution points up until the last day of the Gameweek has been marked as final.

Bonus points
How are bonus points calculated?
The three top performing players in each match according to the Bonus Points System (BPS) will receive additional bonus points. 3 points will be awarded to the highest scoring player, 2 to the second best and a single point to the third.

Ties in the BPS scoring will be resolved are as follows:

If there is a tie for first place, Players 1 & 2 will receive 3 points each and Player 3 will receive 1 point.
If there is a tie for second place, Player 1 will receive 3 points and Players 2 and 3 will receive 2 points each.
If there is a tie for third place, Player 1 will receive 3 points, Player 2 will receive 2 points and Players 3 & 4 will receive 1 point each.
When are bonus points added?
Bonus points will be awarded one hour after the final whistle of the last match of any given day.

My player's BPS has changed since the end of his match. Why?
Some BPS statistics are updated after the end of the match so players may rise / fall until the last day of the Gameweek has been marked as final.

Assists
What constitutes a pass for a defensive touch and why does this cancel out an assist?
A pass is defined as the attempted delivery of the ball from one player to another player on the same team. A player can use any part of their body (permitted in the laws of the game), to execute the pass, so this includes a headed passes.

These cancel out assists because they are often accompanied by a degree of control by the opposing team without a change of possession and, with other Defensive Errors no longer a factor, these were a way of capturing a loose backpass which can be the main factors in creating a goal rather than the initial pass by an attacking player.

How can you judge the intended target for passes received outside the penalty area?
While this can be subjective, for passes received outside the penalty area, the intended target is often very obvious and easy to identify.

The path and trajectory of the pass before the defensive touch is one factor used to make this judgement. Secondly, the intended target is often identifiable by either their anticipation of the pass by holding position, or more likely for passes made outside the penalty area, their run to receive the pass.

If a clear intended target cannot be identified then no assist will be awarded.

Automatic substitutions
Why haven’t my players been automatically substituted yet?
Substitutions happen at the end of the Gameweek, when all matches have been played. You can check the list of current fixtures, to determine when this is.

I think my automatic substitutions are wrong.
Your team must have 1 goalkeeper, at least 3 defenders and at least 1 forward selected at all times.

If your starting team has 3 defenders, and one of them played 0 minutes, he can only be replaced by another defender who played.

Premier League transfers
What happens if a player is transferred to another Premier League team?
If a player is transferred to another team in the Premier League, and this transfer takes you over the 3 players per team limit, then you will need to go back under the limit when making your next transfer.

When will new players be added?
New players will be added within 7 days of their transfer being completed.

My player has left the Premier League. What do I do now?
You can leave the player in your squad, where he will continue to earn 0 points. To remove him permanently, you must use a transfer.

Weekly and Monthly Prizes
I had the same number of points as the weekly/monthly winner, why didn’t I win a prize?
In the event of a tie in an FPL Weekly or Monthly competition, the winner will be the manager with the lowest team ID — the one who registered their team first.


Rules:
Selecting Your Initial Squad
Squad Size
To join the game select a fantasy football squad of 15 players, consisting of:

2 Goalkeepers
5 Defenders
5 Midfielders
3 Forwards
Budget
The total value of your initial squad must not exceed £100 million.

Players Per Team
You can select up to 3 players from a single Premier League team.

Managing your squad
Choosing Your Starting 11
From your 15 player squad, select 11 players by the Gameweek deadline to form your team.

All your points for the Gameweek will be scored by these 11 players, however if one or more doesn't play they may be automatically substituted.

Your team can play in any formation providing that 1 goalkeeper, at least 3 defenders and at least 1 forward are selected at all times.

Selecting a Captain and a Vice-Captain
From your starting 11 you nominate a captain and a vice-captain. Your captain's score will be doubled.

If your captain plays no minutes in the Gameweek, the captain will be changed to the vice-captain.

If both captain and vice-captain play no minutes in a Gameweek, then no player's score will be doubled.

Prioritising Your Bench For Automatic Substitutions
Your substitutes provide cover for unforeseen events like injuries and postponements by automatically replacing starting players who don't play in a Gameweek.

Playing in a Gameweek means making an appearance on the pitch or receiving a yellow / red card.

The order in which you select your benched players determines the priority of your substitutions. Automatic substitutions are processed at the end of the Gameweek according to that order as follows:

If your Goalkeeper doesn't play in the Gameweek, he will be substituted by your replacement Goalkeeper, if he played in the Gameweek.
If any of your outfield players don't play in the Gameweek, they will be substituted by the highest priority outfield substitute who played in the Gameweek and doesn't break the formation rules (eg. If your starting team has 3 defenders, a defender can only be replaced by another defender).
Transfers
Transfer rules
After selecting your squad you can buy and sell players in the transfer market. Unlimited transfers can be made at no cost until your first deadline.

After your first deadline you will receive 1 free transfer each Gameweek. Each additional transfer you make in the same Gameweek will deduct 4 points from your total score (Classic scoring) and match score (Head-to-Head scoring) at the start of the next Gameweek.

If you do not use your free transfer, you are able to make an additional free transfer the following Gameweek. If you do not use this saved free transfer in the following Gameweek, it will be carried over until you do. The maximum number of free transfers you can store in any gameweek is 5.

At other times you are limited to 20 transfers in any single Gameweek. This rule does not apply when playing a Wildcard or a Free Hit Chip.

African Cup of Nations (AFCON) Transfers
Following the Gameweek 15 Deadline on Sat 6 Dec 12:00 and ahead of Gameweek 16 on Sat 13 Dec 14:30, Managers will be topped up to the maximum of 5 free transfers, regardless of how many transfers are available to them at that point.

They do not need to be used in Gameweek 16, they can be carried over between Gameweeks and used at any time.

Wildcards
For information on wildcards please refer to the chips section of the rules.

Player Prices
Player prices change during the season dependent on the popularity of the player in the transfer market. Player prices do not change until the season starts.

If a player's price rises after purchase, you keep half of the increase when selling the player, rounded down to the nearest £0.1m as their selling price. As an example, if a player was purchased for £7.5m and has increased to £7.8m at the point they are to be sold, their selling price would be £7.6m.

Chips
Chips can be used to potentially enhance your team's performance during the season.

Only one chip can be played in a single Gameweek. The chips available are as follows:

Name	Effect
Bench Boost	The points scored by your bench players in the next Gameweek are included in your total.
Free Hit	Make unlimited free transfers for a single Gameweek. At the next deadline your squad is returned to how it was at the start of the Gameweek.
Triple Captain	Your captain points are tripled instead of doubled in the next Gameweek.
Wildcard	All transfers (including those already made) in the Gameweek are free of charge.
Managers will receive two Bench Boost and Triple Captain chips during the season which can be used when saving your team on the my team page. The first set of these chips will be available from the start of your season until the Gameweek 19 deadline of Tue 30 Dec 19:00. The second set of these chips will be available after Tue 30 Dec 19:00. These chips can be cancelled before the Gameweek deadline.

There will also be two Free Hit chips available during the season. The first set of these chips will be available after the first Gameweek of your season and must be played by the Gameweek 19 deadline of Tue 30 Dec 19:00. The second set of these chips will be available after Tue 30 Dec 19:00. This chip is played when confirming your transfers and cannot be cancelled once confirmed.

The Free Hit chip cannot be played in consecutive Gameweeks. So, if the first chip is played in Gameweek 19, the second Free Hit cannot be made active until Gameweek 21.

The Wildcard chip can also be used twice a season. The first wildcard will be available after the first Gameweek of your season until the Gameweek 19 deadline of Tue 30 Dec 19:00. The second wildcard will be available after Tue 30 Dec 19:00 in readiness for the January transfer window opening and remain available until the end of the season. The Wildcard chip is played when confirming transfers and cannot be cancelled once played.

Please note that when playing either a Wildcard or your Free Hit chip, any saved free transfers are retained for the following Gameweek. If you had 2 saved free transfers, you will still have 2 saved free transfers the Gameweek after playing the chip.

Deadlines
All changes to your team (starting 11, transfers, captain changes, substitiution priorities) must be made by the Gameweek deadline in order to take effect for that set of matches.

Deadlines are subject to change and will be 90 minutes before the kick-off time in the first match of the Gameweek.

A deadline will not change within 24 hours of the scheduled time.

Gameweek	Deadline
Gameweek 1	Fri 15 Aug 18:30
Gameweek 2	Fri 22 Aug 18:30
Gameweek 3	Sat 30 Aug 11:00
Gameweek 4	Sat 13 Sep 11:00
Gameweek 5	Sat 20 Sep 11:00
Gameweek 6	Sat 27 Sep 11:00
Gameweek 7	Fri 3 Oct 18:30
Gameweek 8	Sat 18 Oct 11:00
Gameweek 9	Fri 24 Oct 18:30
Gameweek 10	Sat 1 Nov 14:30
Gameweek 11	Sat 8 Nov 12:00
Gameweek 12	Sat 22 Nov 12:00
Gameweek 13	Sat 29 Nov 14:30
Gameweek 14	Tue 2 Dec 19:00
Gameweek 15	Sat 6 Dec 12:00
Gameweek 16	Sat 13 Dec 14:30
Gameweek 17	Sat 20 Dec 12:00
Gameweek 18	Fri 26 Dec 19:30
Gameweek 19	Tue 30 Dec 19:00
Gameweek 20	Sat 3 Jan 12:00
Gameweek 21	Tue 6 Jan 19:30
Gameweek 22	Sat 17 Jan 12:00
Gameweek 23	Sat 24 Jan 12:00
Gameweek 24	Sat 31 Jan 14:30
Gameweek 25	Fri 6 Feb 19:30
Gameweek 26	Tue 10 Feb 19:00
Gameweek 27	Sat 21 Feb 14:30
Gameweek 28	Fri 27 Feb 19:30
Gameweek 29	Tue 3 Mar 19:00
Gameweek 30	Sat 14 Mar 12:00
Gameweek 31	Fri 20 Mar 19:30
Gameweek 32	Sat 11 Apr 13:30
Gameweek 33	Sat 18 Apr 13:30
Gameweek 34	Sat 25 Apr 13:30
Gameweek 35	Sat 2 May 13:30
Gameweek 36	Sat 9 May 13:30
Gameweek 37	Sun 17 May 13:30
Gameweek 38	Sun 24 May 14:30
Scoring
How are points scored?
During the season, your fantasy football players will be allocated points based on their performance in the Premier League.

Action	Points
For playing up to 60 minutes	1
For playing 60 minutes or more (excluding stoppage time)	2
For each goal scored by a goalkeeper	10
For each goal scored by a defender	6
For each goal scored by a midfielder	5
For each goal scored by a forward	4
For each goal assist	3
For a clean sheet by a goalkeeper or defender	4
For a clean sheet by a midfielder	1
For every 3 shot saves by a goalkeeper	1
For accumulating 10 or more clearances, blocked shots, interceptions (CBI) and tackles (defenders)	2
For accumulating 12 or more clearances, blocked shots, interceptions (CBI), tackles and recoveries (midfielders & forwards)	2
For each penalty save	5
For each penalty miss	-2
Bonus points for the best players in a match	1-3
For every 2 goals conceded by a goalkeeper or defender	-1
For each yellow card	-1
For each red card	-3
For each own goal	-2
Defensive Contribution
The addition of Defensive Contribution points in Fantasy helps reward outfield players who may not earn a goal or an assist but still make significant contributions during a match.

Any defender who reaches an accumulative total of 10 or more clearances, blocks, interceptions (CBI) and tackles in a single match will earn 2 points.

Any midfielder or forward who reaches an accumulative total of 12 or more clearances, blocked shots, interceptions (CBI), tackles and recoveries will earn 2 points.

See the ‘NEW’ section for more information.

Clean sheets
A clean sheet is awarded for not conceding a goal whilst on the pitch and playing at least 60 minutes (excluding stoppage time).

If a player has been substituted when a goal is conceded this will not affect any clean sheet bonus.

Red Cards
If a player receives a red card, they will continue to be penalised for goals conceded by their team.

Red card deductions include any points deducted for yellow cards.

Assists
Assists are awarded to the player from the goal scoring team who has the final touch before a goal is scored. The final touch can be a pass, an inadvertent touch, or a shot.

Passes
When a deflected pass is received inside the penalty area, an assist will be awarded if the recipient is the goalscorer. When a deflected pass is received outside the penalty area, an assist will be only awarded if the intended target of the pass is the goalscorer. No assist will be awarded if the pass receives two or more defensive touches or if the defensive touch is a pass. No assist will be awarded if the goalscorer loses and regains possession before the goal is scored.

Touches
For an inadvertent touch to count as an assist, it must lead directly to the goal scoring opportunity.

Shots and Rebounds
If a goal is scored directly following a save, block or a shot rebounding off the woodwork, an assist is awarded. The shot does not have to be on target to result in an assist. The action leading to the save, block or rebound can be a shot or a cross-shot but not an obvious cross or pass attempt. Deflections on a shot before the save, block or rebound do not cancel out the assist if the shot was and remains on target. No assist will be awarded when a player scores from a second attempt after their initial shot is blocked, saved or hits the woodwork.

Own Goals
A player who has the final touch before an own goal is scored is awarded an assist. The final touch can be a pass, an inadvertent touch, or a shot. If an own goal is scored following a deflected pass, an assist is awarded. No assist will be awarded if the pass receives two or more defensive touches or if the defensive touch is a pass. If an own goal is scored directly following a save, block or a shot rebounding off the woodwork, an assist is awarded.

Penalties and Free-Kicks
In the event of a penalty or direct free-kick being scored, the player earning the penalty or free-kick is awarded an assist.

If a pass or touch deflects off an opponent before a handball, then no assist is awarded.

If a shot deflects off an opponent before a handball, an assist will be awarded provided the shot remains on target. No assist will be awarded if the goal is scored by the player who earned the penalty or free-kick.

See “NEW” for more information on the changes to assists.

Finalising Assists
For the avoidance of doubt, points awarded in-game are subject to change up until one hour after the final whistle of the last match of the Gameweek. Once the points have all been updated on that day, no further adjustments to points will be made unless under extraordinary circumstances.

The final decision on Fantasy assists is made by Fantasy Premier League in consultation with Stats Perform.

Bonus Points
The Bonus Points System (BPS) utilises a range of statistics to create a BPS score for every player. The three best performing players in each match will be awarded bonus points. 3 points will be awarded to the highest scoring player, 2 to the second best and 1 to the third.

Examples of how bonus point ties will be resolved are as follows:

If there is a tie for first place, Players 1 & 2 will receive 3 points each and Player 3 will receive 1 point.
If there is a tie for second place, Player 1 will receive 3 points and Players 2 and 3 will receive 2 points each.
If there is a tie for third place, Player 1 will receive 3 points, Player 2 will receive 2 points and Players 3 & 4 will receive 1 point each.
How is the BPS score calculated?
Players score BPS points based on the following statistics (one point for each unless otherwise stated):

Action	BPS
Playing 1 to 60 minutes	3
Playing over 60 minutes	6
Scoring a goal direct from a penalty	12
Goalkeepers and defenders scoring a goal	12
Midfielders scoring a goal	18
Forwards scoring a goal	24
Assists	9
Goalkeepers and defenders keeping a clean sheet	12
Saving a penalty	8
Save from a shot inside the box	3
Save from a shot outside the box	2
Successful open play cross	1
Creating a big chance (a chance where the receiving player should score)	3
For every 2 clearances, blocked shots and interceptions (total)	1
For every 3 recoveries	1
Key pass	1
Successful tackle	2
Successful dribble	1
Scoring the goal that wins a match	3
Goal line clearance	9
Foul won	1
Shot on target	2
70 to 79% pass completion (at least 30 passes attempted)	2
80 to 89% pass completion (at least 30 passes attempted)	4
90%+ pass completion (at least 30 passes attempted)	6
Goalkeepers and defenders conceding a goal	-4
Conceding a penalty	-3
Missing a penalty	-6
Yellow card	-3
Red card	-9
Own goal	-6
Missing a big chance	-3
Making an error which leads to a goal	-3
Making an error which leads to an attempt at goal	-1
Being tackled	-1
Conceding a foul	-1
Being caught offside	-1
Shot off target	-1
Data is supplied by Opta and will not be changed after the last day of the Gameweek has been marked as final. We will not enter into discussion around any of the statistics used to calculate this score for any individual match.

Leagues
Joining a League
After entering your squad, you can join and create leagues to compete with friends and other game players.

League Types
Invitational Leagues & Cups
Invitational leagues & cups are the heart and soul of the game, where you compete against your friends. Just create a league and then send out the unique code to allow your friends to join, easy! A cup will be automatically created as part of the league.

You can compete in up to 30 private leagues. There's no limit on the number of teams in a single league.

Public Leagues
Need an extra challenge? Then join a public league of randomly assigned teams. You can compete in up to 5 public leagues.

Global Leagues
You are automatically entered into the following global leagues:

The overall league featuring all registered teams
A league for fellow managers from your country
A league for supporters of your favourite Premier League team
A league for managers starting the same Gameweek as you
The Second Chance League (starts in Gameweek 21)
The Fantasy Cup
There are also additional global leagues that have qualifying conditions:

1% League 24/25 – a league made up of managers from the top 1% of ranks from the 24/25 season
10% League 24/25 – a league made up of managers from the top 10% of ranks from the 24/25 season
Existing teams will automatically enter the Second Chance League and the Fantasy Cup without having to register a new account.

League Scoring
All leagues score on either a Classic or Head-to-Head basis.

Classic Scoring
In a league with classic scoring, teams are ranked based on their total points in the game. You can join or leave a league with classic scoring at any point during the season.

In the event of a tie between teams, the team who has made the least amount of transfers will be positioned higher. Any transfers made using a wildcard or free hit will not count towards total transfers made.

Classic scoring leagues are run over a number of phases:

Phase	First Gameweek	Last Gameweek
Overall	Gameweek 1	Gameweek 38
August	Gameweek 1	Gameweek 3
September	Gameweek 4	Gameweek 6
October	Gameweek 7	Gameweek 9
November	Gameweek 10	Gameweek 13
December	Gameweek 14	Gameweek 19
January	Gameweek 20	Gameweek 24
February	Gameweek 25	Gameweek 28
March	Gameweek 29	Gameweek 31
April	Gameweek 32	Gameweek 34
May	Gameweek 35	Gameweek 38
Any transfer point deductions in the Gameweek before a phase starts won't be deducted from the phase score. For example, any transfers made in Gameweek 6 (preparing for Gameweek 7) won't be deducted from your October score.

Head-to-Head Scoring
In a league with Head-to-Head scoring, every team plays a match against another team in the league each Gameweek. The match result is based on the Gameweek score of each team minus any transfer points spent preparing for the Gameweek.

3 points are awarded for a win and 1 point for a draw, teams are then ranked on points earned in Head-to-Head matches.

Head-to-Head fixtures are generated at the start of the league's first Gameweek. Once these fixtures have been generated the league is locked and teams will not be able to join or leave.

If a Head-to-Head league has an odd number of teams then an average team will join the league to ensure each team has a fixture every Gameweek. This team will always score the Gameweek average.

In the event of a tie between teams, the team who has most game points will be positioned higher.

Head-to-Head Knock-out stage
Optionally, a Head-to-Head league may end with a knock-out stage over up to 3 Gameweeks with the league winner decided by a match in the final Gameweek. The automatically entered average team will not enter the knock-out stage, their place being taken by the next placed team.

In the event of a tie between teams in a Head-to-Head knock-out match, the following tie-breaks will be used:

Most goals scored in the Gameweek
Fewest goals conceded in the Gameweek
Virtual coin toss
Cups
What are Cups?
Cups are a knockout competition where you can compete against other teams in the game. The Cup is open to all teams and is run in addition to your leagues.

The Cup is run over a number of rounds, with each round being played over a single Gameweek. The Overall Cup starts in Gameweek 15 and runs until Gameweek 38.

A League Cup will be created for all Invitational Classic Leagues. The League Cups will start in the second half of the season dependent on the size of your league and will conclude in Gameweek 38. There will also be Fan League Cups and Country Cups which you will automatically be entered into based on the team you support and your country of residence. All these Cups are in addition to the existing Overall Cup.

All managers will be entered into their cup competitions. The starting round will be determined by the number of teams in the cup competition. All finals will be contested in Gameweek 38.

How Cups work
Each qualifying team will be randomly drawn against another in the first round. The winner (the team with the highest Gameweek score minus any transfer points), will progress to the second round and another random draw, the losers are out! This process continues until the final Gameweek when the two remaining teams contest the cup final.

If a cup match is drawn, then the following tie-breaks will be applied until a winner is found:

Most goals scored in the Gameweek
Fewest goals conceded in the Gameweek
Virtual coin toss

terms :

In these Terms of Use, any use of the words "you", "yours" or similar expressions shall mean any user of this website whatsoever. Terms such as "we", "us, "our" or similar expressions shall mean the Football Association Premier League Limited.

2025/26 Fantasy Premier League – Terms & Conditions
By registering to participate in the Fantasy Premier League (the "Game") you agree to be bound by and to abide by the following terms and conditions (the "Terms"). You should read these Terms before using the Game. These Terms apply to every occasion that you use the Game. If you do not agree or accept the Terms, you are advised not to use the Game.

These Terms may be amended or modified, or new conditions may be imposed, at any time. Any such changes or additions will be reflected by an update of this page. You are therefore advised to check these Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Game following the posting of changes to these Terms will mean you accept those changes and that such changes shall apply to your use of the Game after such changes have been posted.

The promoter of the Game is the Football Association Premier League Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 02719699 with registered office at The Premier League, Brunel Building, 57 North Wharf Road, London, United Kingdom, W2 1HQ ("we", "our" or the "Premier League").

iOS users only: For the avoidance of doubt, Apple is not a sponsor, promoter, partner of, or in any way affiliated (or otherwise associated) with, the Game.

Your use of the Game if you are under 18
If you are under 18, you may need your parent/guardian to help you with your use of the Game and with reading these Terms. If anything is hard to understand, please ask you parent/guardian to explain. If you still have any questions, you or your parent/guardian can contact us at: info@premierleague.com.

If you are under 13, you cannot register for an account without the permission of your parent/guardian. You need to register if you want to play the Game.

If you are under the age of 18, you will also not be eligible to win any cash element of a Prize (if applicable) and parental or guardian permission must be obtained to claim any Prize. Such permission must include confirmation that the parent/guardian agrees to the Player's Entry to the Game, they agree to the Player being awarded a Prize and will accompany the Player during any travel connected to the Prize. For the avoidance of doubt, this permission is separate to the permission that must be obtained by all Players under the age of 13 to set up a Premier League account, which is required to play the Game.

We may collect your personal information when you use the Game. You can find out more about how we use your personal information in the Questions and Answers section of our website. You can find a link here: https://www.premierleague.com/privacy-policy-child-q&as.

Applications and Registration
1. All applications to participate in the Game must be made online on the Premier League website at www.premierleague.com (the "Site") or via the Premier League mobile application (the "App"). No applications made in any other manner will be accepted. Where your application is accepted, you have successfully "Registered" and will become a "Player" of the Game. Each Player is then able to create a team or mini-league.

2. Registration for the Game is open to both UK and non-UK residents. Employees (and immediate family members) of the Premier League may enter the Game but are ineligible to win any Prizes (as defined below). If such person would otherwise win a Prize, the Prize shall be awarded to the next placed Player.

3. Under 18s may Register to play the Game, however the permission of a parent or guardian is required to receive a Prize. The eligibility of an under 18 to win a Prize is set out below.

4. No purchase of any item or service is necessary in order to enter the Game and no payment is required from you.

5. Registrations must not be made by agents or third parties. No responsibility can be accepted for lost, delayed or incomplete Registrations or Registrations not received by the Premier League for any reason. Any such Registrations will be deemed void.

6. There is no limit on the number of Registrations per household or organisation. However, only one Registration for the Game per user of the Site or App is permitted. Individuals are not permitted to register multiple accounts on the Site or App. Individuals are not permitted to provide any other person with access to their account on the Site or App to play the Game or otherwise.

7. While there is no closing date for Registration, and applications can be made throughout the Premier League season, the Premier League will publish deadlines from time to time by which you must be Registered as a Player in order to qualify for points awarded in respect of any round of matches in the Premier League competition. Any such information on how and when to enter for the Game forms part of these Terms and shall be binding on you.

8. Players may (at their sole discretion) enable two factor authentication on their account. Two factor authentication improves the security of Players’ accounts. Before enabling two factor authentication, we recommend that Players read our guide on two factor authentication which can be found here, https://www.premierleague.com/news/2667341.

9. The Premier League wishes to ensure the Game is an inclusive and safe place for all Players. The Premier League reserves the right to change the name and/or badge of a Registration, team or league or suspend and/or delete Registrations, teams or leagues at its absolute discretion, at any time and without obligation to provide any reasons including (without limitation) those that contain names, words, badges, images or phrases which are in the sole opinion of the Premier League deemed to be inappropriate, promotional, profane, derogatory, discriminatory, divisive or offensive (irrespective of the opinion of the Player).

10. In submitting a Registration and becoming a Player, you will be providing personal data to the Premier League. Any personal data which you do submit will be processed in accordance with the Premier League's Privacy Policy, which can be found here: https://www.premierleague.com/privacy-policy and in accordance with UK GDPR and other applicable data protection legislation. If you are under 18, you can find out more about how we use your personal information in our Questions and Answers, which is available here: https://www.premierleague.com/privacy-policy-child-q&as.

11. We will only share your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy and as set out in these Terms. Where a Player is a winner of a Prize, the winner's name may be published on the Site or App in accordance with paragraphs 24 and 25. The Premier League may also share your personal data if required to do so by a competent authority or court within the United Kingdom.

12. Both UK and non-UK Players Registering for the Game may be automatically entered into a "Country League". A Country League is a mini-league consisting of Players from the same Country. Entry into a Country League is automatic but participation in no way obligates the Player to receive marketing communications from the Premier League unless otherwise indicated during Registration to the Site or App. In addition, both UK and non-UK Players Registering for the Game may be automatically entered into a “Broadcaster League” in association with the official Premier League broadcaster in selected territories, if the Broadcaster chooses to administer a Broadcaster League. Any associated prizes for such Broadcaster Leagues are at the sole discretion of the relevant Broadcaster. Where a Player is the winner of a Prize in a "Broadcaster League", the Premier League will share that Player’s name and contact details with the relevant Broadcaster in order to enable that Broadcaster to administer their “Broadcaster League" by delivering a Prize to the winner.

13. Players can establish mini-leagues in accordance with the Game Rules. The Premier League does not permit any Player, individual or organisation (save for the Premier League and its clubs, Official Sponsors and Broadcast Licensees with the express consent of the Premier League) to create, or participate in, mini-leagues for any commercial purposes, including but not limited to:

(a) charging for entry into a mini-league; and

(b) making entry into a mini-league conditional on the purchase of services (including subscriptions) or goods.

Should, in the opinion of the Premier League, a mini-league be created for commercial purposes the Premier League reserves the right to delete the mini-league and suspend or delete the registration of any Player who is the administrator of, or a participant in, the mini-league without liability. The Premier League cannot be held responsible for the management of any such mini-leagues or any loss suffered through Players’ involvement in them including but not limited to where they are deleted by the Premier League.

The Game Rules
14. The Game will be governed by the Game Rules (as amended from time to time) published on the Site (and accessible via the App) by the Premier League ("Game Rules"). The Game Rules form part of these Terms and by Registering for the Game, you accept the Game Rules. The Premier League reserves the right to alter, amend or supplement the Game Rules in its absolute discretion. You agree that no liability shall attach to the Premier League as a result of any such change and so are advised to check the Game Rules regularly. Your continued use of the Game following the posting of changes to the Game Rules will mean you accept those changes and that such changes shall apply to your use of the Game after such changes have been posted.

15. The Premier League will be the sole decision-maker of any matter of interpretation of the Game Rules and any aspect of the content of, or playing of, the Game. The Premier League will not enter into correspondence relating to such matters and its decision as to any matter arising out of or in connection with the Game Rules including but not limited to the allocation of points to any Player and/or the award of any Prize and/or any ranking or league table shall be final and conclusive.

Prizes and Winner's Details
16. The Premier League may choose to award prizes in respect of the Game ("Prizes"). Such Prizes will be available at the discretion of the Premier League and in accordance with criteria set by it. The Premier League reserves the right to alter and amend the Prizes or the criteria for winning a Prize, where circumstances beyond its reasonable control require it to do so.

17. Prizes are not transferable and are non-exchangeable. No cash alternative will be offered in any circumstances. The Premier League will make reasonable endeavours to accommodate any needs or requirements of Prize recipients and where a Prize includes travel or attendance at an event, the Premier League will seek to agree dates with the recipient. However, where the recipient is unavailable on the dates provided by the Premier League, the Prize may be forfeited, or another recipient selected. If any aspect of a Prize is cancelled or postponed due to circumstances beyond the Premier League’s control, including but not limited to, travel cancellations, delays or interruptions due to acts of God, acts and advice of Governments, acts of war, epidemic, pandemic, natural disasters, weather, acts of terrorism, national catastrophes, a period of mourning following the death of a monarch, advice against any travel by any Government or official authority for any reason (including by way of example only and without limitation by reason of any actual or potential terrorist threat) and/or the World Health Organisation or any internationally recognised medical authority for any reason or an event of force majeure, the Premier League shall not be responsible and that portion of the Prize will not be awarded and no additional compensation will be provided. No refunds or credit for changes to Prizes are allowed.

18. All Players (excluding those listed in paragraph 2) are eligible to win the Prizes provided the winner in each case has complied with these Terms. However, where a Player is under the age of 18, they will not be eligible to win any cash element of a Prize (if applicable) and parental or guardian permission must be obtained. Such permission must include confirmation that the parent/guardian agrees to the Player's Entry to the Game, they agree to publication of the Player’s name as winner of the Prize, they agree to the Player being awarded a Prize and will accompany the Player during any travel connected to the Prize. For the avoidance of doubt, this permission is separate to the permission that must be obtained by all Players under the age of 13 to set up a Premier League account, which is required to play the Game.

19. The Premier League intends (but does not undertake) for Prizes to be awarded to Players as set out on: Fantasy Football Game Prizes | Fantasy Premier League. Winners will be decided in accordance with the Premier League’s determination and the precise specification and nature of the Prizes shall be at the discretion of the Premier League.

20. In order to be eligible to win a Weekly Prize, a Player must have Registered for the Game before the start of the season or a minimum of two clear Gameweeks before the week in which they are top of the weekly leaderboard.

21. Players who have played a chip that affects a Gameweek result (including Bench Boost, Free Hit, Triple Captain or Wildcard (as defined in the Game Rules)) will not be eligible, as determined by the Premier League to win a prize for the week such a chip has been used.

22. Winners will be notified of their success by email in respect of the Prizes, using the email address used when Registering. Each winner must respond to such notification within twenty-eight (28) days to confirm that they wish to receive their Prize. In the event that a winner does not provide such confirmation, the Premier League reserves the right to award the relevant Prize to the next eligible Player. Monthly Prizes are notified by the 28th day of the month following the month in respect of which such Prize is awarded. Weekly Prizes are notified within four weeks in respect of which such Prize is awarded. In respect of the Winner/Runner-up/Third/Cup Prize/Second Chance Prizes/1% Prizes/10% Prizes/Rookie League winners will be notified by Sunday 28th June 2026 at which time winners must confirm their contact details prior to the Prize in question being delivered.

23. Provided the Premier League has obtained all requested consents from winners (or as appropriate their parents / guardians), the winners' names will be published on the Site by the 28th day of the month following the month in respect of which the Monthly Prize is awarded in respect of winners of Monthly Prizes, within four weeks in respect of which the Weekly Prize is awarded and by Sunday 24th May 2026 in respect of the winners of the Winner/Runner-up/Third Prize; or alternatively winners’ names can be obtained by sending a stamped self-addressed envelope to Fantasy Premier League, Premier League, Brunel Building, 57 North Wharf Road, London, United Kingdom, W2 1HQ.

24. The Premier League may use your name, team names, badge or any other content you produce in connection with the Game for future editorial, promotional, marketing and/or publicity purposes in any and all media worldwide without any compensation or prior notice in order to operate and promote the Game. If you have an objection to the use of your name or team, please contact support@mail.fantasy.premierleague.com .

25. The Premier League may use the name and photograph of winners for editorial, promotional, marketing and/or publicity purposes in any and all media worldwide. The Premier League will contact winners to request their consent to their image being used. Where a Player is under 18, parental consent will also be required.

Player Responsibilities
26. You warrant and agree that you shall not upload, post or transmit to or distribute or otherwise publish through the Game or in relation to the Game any information, content or materials that:

(a) are protected by copyright, or other proprietary or intellectual property right, or derivative works with respect thereto, except as provided herein or without first obtaining permission from us or the copyright owner;

(b) are unlawful, threatening, harassing, profane, tortious, defamatory, discriminatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, deceptive, fraudulent, contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts (including, but not limited to, sexual language of a violent or threatening nature directed at another individual or group of individuals), invasive of another's privacy, or hateful;

(c) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Game;

(d) constitute or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability; or

(e) contain a virus or other harmful component or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware, advertising of any kind, or false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact.

27. You warrant and agree that, while participating in the Game, you shall keep passwords for your account secure and procure that your password is frequently changed and kept confidential, and you shall not allow any other person access to your account nor share or transfer registration or control of your account with or to another person.

28. You also warrant and agree that you shall not:

(a) impersonate, or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity;

(b) upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way exploit any information or other material obtained through the Game for commercial purposes (other than as expressly permitted by the provider of such information or other material);

(c) engage in spamming or flooding;

(d) use automated systems to access the Game and extract information from the Game;

(e) attempt to gain unauthorised access to other computer systems through the Game;

(f) bring the Game or the Premier League into disrepute; or

(g) create mini-leagues for any commercial purpose.

29. The Premier League is the owner of all intellectual property rights in the Game, including without limitation in the associated graphics, trade marks, logos, branding, images and any Game data. Such rights must not be used by any Player in any way without the prior written consent of the Premier League. The Premier League’s clubs retain their own trade marks, which must not be reproduced without the relevant club’s prior written consent. Except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, you may not upload, post, publish, reproduce, transmit or distribute in any way any component of the Game itself or derivative works with respect thereto, as the Game is copyrighted as a collective work under the copyright laws of England and Wales.

Premier League Responsibility and Liability
30. The extent of the Premier League's responsibility to you has been determined in the context of the following:

(a) the Game is provided to you free of charge and on an "as is" basis;

(b) you are responsible for any action you do or do not take as a result of the Game and the information therein;

(c) you are responsible for ensuring that your equipment is enabled with appropriate up-to-date virus checking software; and

(d) you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account credentials (including enabling two-factor authentication where available) and ensuring they are not shared with others.

31. While the Premier League will endeavour to ensure that the Game is available to you at all times, without faults and that the contents are correct and accurate, it cannot make any legal commitment to you that this will be the case.

32. Premier League reserves the right at any time to temporarily or permanently modify or discontinue the Game with or without prior notice (due to reasons outside its reasonable control). In the event that Premier League permanently discontinues the Game pursuant to this paragraph 32, you shall be released from your obligations to Premier League under these Terms..

33. Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes Premier League's liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (ii) liability arising from fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other reason or by any cause which cannot be excluded by law.

34. The Premier League accepts no liability to you for any damage, loss, liabilities, injury or disappointment incurred or suffered by you as a result of entering the Game or accepting a prize including but not limited to the following types of loss which you may suffer as a result of your entry to the Game:

(a) loss which was not foreseeable to you and the Premier League when you first applied for the Game (even if that loss results from the Premier League's failure to comply with these Terms or its negligence);

(b) any business loss you may suffer, including loss of revenue, profits, or anticipated savings (whether those losses are the direct or indirect result of the Premier League's default);

(c) any loss or damage to your account resulting from your failure to maintain the security of your account and/or password;

(d) loss which you suffer other than as a result of our failure to comply with these Terms or our negligence or breach of statutory duty; and/or

(e) any loss which you may suffer as a result of or in connection with or arising out of any Prize.

Breach
35. Any breach by you of the Game Rules from time to time shall also be a breach of these Terms.

36. In the event of any breach by you of these Terms the Premier League reserves the right in its sole discretion to:

(a) permanently or temporarily refuse you entry to the Game;

(b) disqualify you from the Game;

(c) modify, delete and/or suspend your Registration;

(d) delete all related information associated with your Registration; and/or

(e) require any reasonable amendment to your Registration.

All such decisions by the Premier League will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.

37. If you are barred or disqualified from being Registered as a Player, you shall not be eligible to participate in the Game under any other identity or team name. Any such decision by the Premier League shall be final.

38. If any of these Terms are determined to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable then the remaining terms shall continue in full force and effect.

39. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.

Your use of the Game if you are under 18
If you are under 18, you may need your parent/guardian to help you with your use of the Game and with reading these Terms. If anything is hard to understand, please ask you parent/guardian to explain. If you still have any questions, you or your parent/guardian can contact us at: info@premierleague.com.

If you are under 13, you cannot register for an account without the permission of your parent/guardian. You need to register if you want to play the Game.

If you are under the age of 18, you will also not be eligible to win any cash element of a Prize (if applicable) and parental or guardian permission must be obtained to claim any Prize. Such permission must include confirmation that the parent/guardian agrees to the Player's Entry to the Game, they agree to the Player being awarded a Prize and will accompany the Player during any travel connected to the Prize. For the avoidance of doubt, this permission is separate to the permission that must be obtained by all Players under the age of 13 to set up a Premier League account, which is required to play the Game.

We may collect your personal information when you use the Game. You can find out more about how we use your personal information in the Questions and Answers section of our website. You can find a link here: https://www.premierleague.com/privacy-policy-child-q&as.

Applications and Registration
1. All applications to participate in the Game must be made online on the Premier League website at www.premierleague.com (the "Site") or via the Premier League mobile application (the "App"). No applications made in any other manner will be accepted. Where your application is accepted, you have successfully "Registered" and will become a "Player" of the Game. Each Player is then able to create a team or mini-league.

2. Registration for the Game is open to both UK and non-UK residents. Employees (and immediate family members) of the Premier League may enter the Game but are ineligible to win any Prizes (as defined below). If such person would otherwise win a Prize, the Prize shall be awarded to the next placed Player.

3. Under 18s may Register to play the Game, however the permission of a parent or guardian is required to receive a Prize. The eligibility of an under 18 to win a Prize is set out below.

4. No purchase of any item or service is necessary in order to enter the Game and no payment is required from you.

5. Registrations must not be made by agents or third parties. No responsibility can be accepted for lost, delayed or incomplete Registrations or Registrations not received by the Premier League for any reason. Any such Registrations will be deemed void.

6. There is no limit on the number of Registrations per household or organisation. However, only one Registration for the Game per user of the Site or App is permitted. Individuals are not permitted to register multiple accounts on the Site or App. Individuals are not permitted to provide any other person with access to their account on the Site or App to play the Game or otherwise.

7. While there is no closing date for Registration, and applications can be made throughout the Premier League season, the Premier League will publish deadlines from time to time by which you must be Registered as a Player in order to qualify for points awarded in respect of any round of matches in the Premier League competition. Any such information on how and when to enter for the Game forms part of these Terms and shall be binding on you.

8. Players may (at their sole discretion) enable two factor authentication on their account. Two factor authentication improves the security of Players’ accounts. Before enabling two factor authentication, we recommend that Players read our guide on two factor authentication which can be found here, https://www.premierleague.com/news/2667341.

9. The Premier League wishes to ensure the Game is an inclusive and safe place for all Players. The Premier League reserves the right to change the name and/or badge of a Registration, team or league or suspend and/or delete Registrations, teams or leagues at its absolute discretion, at any time and without obligation to provide any reasons including (without limitation) those that contain names, words, badges, images or phrases which are in the sole opinion of the Premier League deemed to be inappropriate, promotional, profane, derogatory, discriminatory, divisive or offensive (irrespective of the opinion of the Player).

10. In submitting a Registration and becoming a Player, you will be providing personal data to the Premier League. Any personal data which you do submit will be processed in accordance with the Premier League's Privacy Policy, which can be found here: https://www.premierleague.com/privacy-policy and in accordance with UK GDPR and other applicable data protection legislation. If you are under 18, you can find out more about how we use your personal information in our Questions and Answers, which is available here: https://www.premierleague.com/privacy-policy-child-q&as.

11. We will only share your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy and as set out in these Terms. Where a Player is a winner of a Prize, the winner's name may be published on the Site or App in accordance with paragraphs 24 and 25. The Premier League may also share your personal data if required to do so by a competent authority or court within the United Kingdom.

12. Both UK and non-UK Players Registering for the Game may be automatically entered into a "Country League". A Country League is a mini-league consisting of Players from the same Country. Entry into a Country League is automatic but participation in no way obligates the Player to receive marketing communications from the Premier League unless otherwise indicated during Registration to the Site or App. In addition, both UK and non-UK Players Registering for the Game may be automatically entered into a “Broadcaster League” in association with the official Premier League broadcaster in selected territories, if the Broadcaster chooses to administer a Broadcaster League. Any associated prizes for such Broadcaster Leagues are at the sole discretion of the relevant Broadcaster. Where a Player is the winner of a Prize in a "Broadcaster League", the Premier League will share that Player’s name and contact details with the relevant Broadcaster in order to enable that Broadcaster to administer their “Broadcaster League" by delivering a Prize to the winner.

13. Players can establish mini-leagues in accordance with the Game Rules. The Premier League does not permit any Player, individual or organisation (save for the Premier League and its clubs, Official Sponsors and Broadcast Licensees with the express consent of the Premier League) to create, or participate in, mini-leagues for any commercial purposes, including but not limited to:

(a) charging for entry into a mini-league; and

(b) making entry into a mini-league conditional on the purchase of services (including subscriptions) or goods.

Should, in the opinion of the Premier League, a mini-league be created for commercial purposes the Premier League reserves the right to delete the mini-league and suspend or delete the registration of any Player who is the administrator of, or a participant in, the mini-league without liability. The Premier League cannot be held responsible for the management of any such mini-leagues or any loss suffered through Players’ involvement in them including but not limited to where they are deleted by the Premier League.

The Game Rules
14. The Game will be governed by the Game Rules (as amended from time to time) published on the Site (and accessible via the App) by the Premier League ("Game Rules"). The Game Rules form part of these Terms and by Registering for the Game, you accept the Game Rules. The Premier League reserves the right to alter, amend or supplement the Game Rules in its absolute discretion. You agree that no liability shall attach to the Premier League as a result of any such change and so are advised to check the Game Rules regularly. Your continued use of the Game following the posting of changes to the Game Rules will mean you accept those changes and that such changes shall apply to your use of the Game after such changes have been posted.

15. The Premier League will be the sole decision-maker of any matter of interpretation of the Game Rules and any aspect of the content of, or playing of, the Game. The Premier League will not enter into correspondence relating to such matters and its decision as to any matter arising out of or in connection with the Game Rules including but not limited to the allocation of points to any Player and/or the award of any Prize and/or any ranking or league table shall be final and conclusive.

Prizes and Winner's Details
16. The Premier League may choose to award prizes in respect of the Game ("Prizes"). Such Prizes will be available at the discretion of the Premier League and in accordance with criteria set by it. The Premier League reserves the right to alter and amend the Prizes or the criteria for winning a Prize, where circumstances beyond its reasonable control require it to do so.

17. Prizes are not transferable and are non-exchangeable. No cash alternative will be offered in any circumstances. The Premier League will make reasonable endeavours to accommodate any needs or requirements of Prize recipients and where a Prize includes travel or attendance at an event, the Premier League will seek to agree dates with the recipient. However, where the recipient is unavailable on the dates provided by the Premier League, the Prize may be forfeited, or another recipient selected. If any aspect of a Prize is cancelled or postponed due to circumstances beyond the Premier League’s control, including but not limited to, travel cancellations, delays or interruptions due to acts of God, acts and advice of Governments, acts of war, epidemic, pandemic, natural disasters, weather, acts of terrorism, national catastrophes, a period of mourning following the death of a monarch, advice against any travel by any Government or official authority for any reason (including by way of example only and without limitation by reason of any actual or potential terrorist threat) and/or the World Health Organisation or any internationally recognised medical authority for any reason or an event of force majeure, the Premier League shall not be responsible and that portion of the Prize will not be awarded and no additional compensation will be provided. No refunds or credit for changes to Prizes are allowed.

18. All Players (excluding those listed in paragraph 2) are eligible to win the Prizes provided the winner in each case has complied with these Terms. However, where a Player is under the age of 18, they will not be eligible to win any cash element of a Prize (if applicable) and parental or guardian permission must be obtained. Such permission must include confirmation that the parent/guardian agrees to the Player's Entry to the Game, they agree to publication of the Player’s name as winner of the Prize, they agree to the Player being awarded a Prize and will accompany the Player during any travel connected to the Prize. For the avoidance of doubt, this permission is separate to the permission that must be obtained by all Players under the age of 13 to set up a Premier League account, which is required to play the Game.

19. The Premier League intends (but does not undertake) for Prizes to be awarded to Players as set out on: Fantasy Football Game Prizes | Fantasy Premier League. Winners will be decided in accordance with the Premier League’s determination and the precise specification and nature of the Prizes shall be at the discretion of the Premier League.

20. In order to be eligible to win a Weekly Prize, a Player must have Registered for the Game before the start of the season or a minimum of two clear Gameweeks before the week in which they are top of the weekly leaderboard.

21. Players who have played a chip that affects a Gameweek result (including Bench Boost, Free Hit, Triple Captain or Wildcard (as defined in the Game Rules)) will not be eligible, as determined by the Premier League to win a prize for the week such a chip has been used.

22. Winners will be notified of their success by email in respect of the Prizes, using the email address used when Registering. Each winner must respond to such notification within twenty-eight (28) days to confirm that they wish to receive their Prize. In the event that a winner does not provide such confirmation, the Premier League reserves the right to award the relevant Prize to the next eligible Player. Monthly Prizes are notified by the 28th day of the month following the month in respect of which such Prize is awarded. Weekly Prizes are notified within four weeks in respect of which such Prize is awarded. In respect of the Winner/Runner-up/Third/Cup Prize/Second Chance Prizes/1% Prizes/10% Prizes winners will be notified by Sunday 28th June 2026 at which time winners must confirm their contact details prior to the Prize in question being delivered.

23. Provided the Premier League has obtained all requested consents from winners (or as appropriate their parents / guardians), the winners' names will be published on the Site by the 28th day of the month following the month in respect of which the Monthly Prize is awarded in respect of winners of Monthly Prizes, within four weeks in respect of which the Weekly Prize is awarded and by Sunday 24th May 2026 in respect of the winners of the Winner/Runner-up/Third Prize; or alternatively winners’ names can be obtained by sending a stamped self-addressed envelope to Fantasy Premier League, Premier League, Brunel Building, 57 North Wharf Road, London, United Kingdom, W2 1HQ.

24. The Premier League may use your name, team names, badge or any other content you produce in connection with the Game for future editorial, promotional, marketing and/or publicity purposes in any and all media worldwide without any compensation or prior notice in order to operate and promote the Game. If you have an objection to the use of your name or team, please contact support@mail.fantasy.premierleague.com .

25. The Premier League may use the name and photograph of winners for editorial, promotional, marketing and/or publicity purposes in any and all media worldwide. The Premier League will contact winners to request their consent to their image being used. Where a Player is under 18, parental consent will also be required.

Player Responsibilities
26. You warrant and agree that you shall not upload, post or transmit to or distribute or otherwise publish through the Game or in relation to the Game any information, content or materials that:

(a) are protected by copyright, or other proprietary or intellectual property right, or derivative works with respect thereto, except as provided herein or without first obtaining permission from us or the copyright owner;

(b) are unlawful, threatening, harassing, profane, tortious, defamatory, discriminatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, deceptive, fraudulent, contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts (including, but not limited to, sexual language of a violent or threatening nature directed at another individual or group of individuals), invasive of another's privacy, or hateful;

(c) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Game;

(d) constitute or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability; or

(e) contain a virus or other harmful component or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware, advertising of any kind, or false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact.

27. You warrant and agree that, while participating in the Game, you shall keep passwords for your account secure and procure that your password is frequently changed and kept confidential, and you shall not allow any other person access to your account nor share or transfer registration or control of your account with or to another person.

28. You also warrant and agree that you shall not:

(a) impersonate, or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity;

(b) upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way exploit any information or other material obtained through the Game for commercial purposes (other than as expressly permitted by the provider of such information or other material);

(c) engage in spamming or flooding;

(d) use automated systems to access the Game and extract information from the Game;

(e) attempt to gain unauthorised access to other computer systems through the Game;

(f) bring the Game or the Premier League into disrepute; or

(g) create mini-leagues for any commercial purpose.

29. The Premier League is the owner of all intellectual property rights in the Game, including without limitation in the associated graphics, trade marks, logos, branding, images and any Game data. Such rights must not be used by any Player in any way without the prior written consent of the Premier League. The Premier League’s clubs retain their own trade marks, which must not be reproduced without the relevant club’s prior written consent. Except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, you may not upload, post, publish, reproduce, transmit or distribute in any way any component of the Game itself or derivative works with respect thereto, as the Game is copyrighted as a collective work under the copyright laws of England and Wales.

Premier League Responsibility and Liability
30. The extent of the Premier League's responsibility to you has been determined in the context of the following:

(a) the Game is provided to you free of charge and on an "as is" basis;

(b) you are responsible for any action you do or do not take as a result of the Game and the information therein;

(c) you are responsible for ensuring that your equipment is enabled with appropriate up-to-date virus checking software; and

(d) you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account credentials (including enabling two-factor authentication where available) and ensuring they are not shared with others.

31. While the Premier League will endeavour to ensure that the Game is available to you at all times, without faults and that the contents are correct and accurate, it cannot make any legal commitment to you that this will be the case.

32. Premier League reserves the right at any time to temporarily or permanently modify or discontinue the Game with or without prior notice (due to reasons outside its reasonable control). In the event that Premier League permanently discontinues the Game pursuant to this paragraph 32, you shall be released from your obligations to Premier League under these Terms..

33. Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes Premier League's liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (ii) liability arising from fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other reason or by any cause which cannot be excluded by law.

34. The Premier League accepts no liability to you for any damage, loss, liabilities, injury or disappointment incurred or suffered by you as a result of entering the Game or accepting a prize including but not limited to the following types of loss which you may suffer as a result of your entry to the Game:

(a) loss which was not foreseeable to you and the Premier League when you first applied for the Game (even if that loss results from the Premier League's failure to comply with these Terms or its negligence);

(b) any business loss you may suffer, including loss of revenue, profits, or anticipated savings (whether those losses are the direct or indirect result of the Premier League's default);

(c) any loss or damage to your account resulting from your failure to maintain the security of your account and/or password;

(d) loss which you suffer other than as a result of our failure to comply with these Terms or our negligence or breach of statutory duty; and/or

(e) any loss which you may suffer as a result of or in connection with or arising out of any Prize.

Breach
35. Any breach by you of the Game Rules from time to time shall also be a breach of these Terms.

36. In the event of any breach by you of these Terms the Premier League reserves the right in its sole discretion to:

(a) permanently or temporarily refuse you entry to the Game;

(b) disqualify you from the Game;

(c) modify, delete and/or suspend your Registration;

(d) delete all related information associated with your Registration; and/or

(e) require any reasonable amendment to your Registration.

All such decisions by the Premier League will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.

37. If you are barred or disqualified from being Registered as a Player, you shall not be eligible to participate in the Game under any other identity or team name. Any such decision by the Premier League shall be final.

38. If any of these Terms are determined to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable then the remaining terms shall continue in full force and effect.

39. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.

new :

21/07/2025
Fantasy Managers,

Welcome to the new season of Fantasy Premier League! We would like to share with you the new updates for the 2025/26 Premier League season

Defensive Contribution Points
This new method of points scoring will reward outfield players who may not stand out with a goal or an assist but still make significant contributions during a match. Bonus points do recognise these players but the tireless defensive work of defenders and midfielders can often lose out to the scorer of a vital goal.

Losing a clean sheet to a late strike can be painful for the FPL Manager and scant reward if a defender has been dominant throughout. Defensive Contribution seeks to resolve this and address the balance. It favours defenders who accumulate clearances, blocked shots, interceptions (CBI) and tackles rather than the attacking full-backs who are often the go-to options for our squads.

Any defender who reaches an accumulative total of 10 or more clearances, blocks, interceptions (CBI) and tackles in a single match will earn 2 points.

Midfielders and forwards can also earn these points. To recognise the role they play in regaining possession and turning defence into attack, their ball recoveries contribute to their Defensive Contribution.

A midfielder or forward who reaches an accumulative total of 12 or more clearances, blocks, interceptions (CBI) tackles and recoveries will earn 2 points.

As a result, centre-backs and defensive midfielders now play a more influential role in Fantasy squads.

Revised Assists
For the 2025/26 season, the definition of a Fantasy assist has been simplified to better recognise players for their contributions to goals, and to reduce the degree of subjectivity involved so that it is easier for managers to see when their player is getting an assist.

Players have not previously been awarded an assist if their pass or cross was deflected by an opponent away from the intended target or destination. Now this rule only applies to goals where the goalscorer receives the ball outside of the penalty area.

For the majority of goals, the ball is received by the goalscorer inside the penalty box and more of these will now be rewarded with assists.

The intended target or destination of a pass will no longer be a factor and a Fantasy assist will be awarded when the goalscorer receives the ball inside the penalty box and there is only one defensive touch before the ball reaches them, as long as that touch from an opposing player is not a pass.

If the goalscorer receives the ball outside the box, the old rules remain - a judgment will be made about whether they were the intended target of the pass. That judgment is often a far easier and clearer one to make when the ball is received outside a busy penalty box.

If these rules had been in place for the 24/25 season, there would have been 41 additional Fantasy assists awarded.

Additional Chips
All the chips now replicate the Wildcard and are available for both the first and second part of the season. Like the Wildcard, no chip can be carried over and must be used before the specified Gameweek deadline.

The first Bench Boost and Triple Captain chips will be available from the start of the season until the Gameweek 19 deadline of Tue 30 Dec 18:30. The second set of these chips will be available for Gameweek 20 and can be used up until the end of the season. Both of these chips can be cancelled before the Gameweek deadline.

There will also be two Free Hit and Wildcard chips available during the season. The first of these chips will be available from the start of the season and must be played by the Gameweek 19 deadline of Tue 30 Dec 18:30. The second set of these chips will be available for Gameweek 20 and can be used up until the end of the season. These chips are played when confirming transfers and they cannot be cancelled once confirmed.

Bonus Points System Changes
The Bonus Points System (BPS) has been changed to better recognise defenders and goalkeepers, boosting their likelihood of gaining bonus points.

Goalkeepers still earn 2 BPS for a save but if the save is from a shot made from inside the box, they now earn an additional 1 BPS.
A goal-line clearance is now worth 9 BPS (formerly 3 BPS).
Successful Tackles earn 2 BPS (formerly 2 BPS for every Successful Tackles minus Lost Tackles).
All goals scored directly from a penalty score 12 BPS regardless of the position of the goalscorer (formerly 12 for defenders, 18 for midfielders and 24 for forwards).
African Cup of Nations (AFCON) Transfers
With AFCON taking place from December 21 to January 18 this season, Managers will be given additional transfers to allow them to deal with player absence during this period.

Following the Gameweek 15 Deadline on Sat 6 Dec 13:30 and ahead of Gameweek 16 on Sat 13 Dec 13:30, Managers will be topped up to the maximum of 5 free transfers, regardless of how many transfers are available to them at that point.

These Free Transfers do not need to be used in Gameweek 16, they can be carried over between Gameweeks and used at any time.

Club Badge Creator with Adobe Express
New for the 25/26 Fantasy season, you can create a club badge using Adobe Express and its Firefly generative AI tool.

Upon entering your FPL team, you’ll be prompted with the option to generate your custom team badge. You can start creating your badge immediately or return to it later.

If you choose to create your badge, Adobe Express will open, and you will be asked to begin by entering a prompt for the Firefly AI to use when generating images. You will then be asked to log in or create an Adobe account to view your images and continue.

New Classic Leagues
There are additional Global Leagues added for the 25/26 season that have some qualifying criteria based on your previous rank.

The 1% League is made up of managers from the top 1% of ranks from the 24/25 season. Similarly, the 10% League consists of managers from the top 10% of ranks from the 24/25 season.

Good luck for the the season,

FPL Team

Read more about what's new in Fantasy Premier League or check out the latest Premier League news